Add summary of platform components (#582)
RedHatInsights/red-hat-ansible-automation-platform-documentation: downstream/modules/platform/ref-platform-components.adoc

[id="ref-platform-components"]

= {PlatformName} platform components

Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform consists of the following components:

.{HubNameMain}
A repository for certified content of Ansible Content Collections. 
{HubNamemain} is the centralized repository for Red Hat and its partners to publish content, and for customers to discover certified, supported Ansible Content Collections. 

> {CertifiedCon} provides users with content that has been tested and is backed by Red Hat.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{CertifiedCon} provides users with content that has been tested and is supported by Red Hat.
```

 
.{CatalogNameStart}
{CatalogNameStart} is a service within {PlatformName}. 
{CatalogNameStart} enables you to organize and govern product catalog sources on Ansible {ControllerName} across various environments.

Using automation services catalog you can:

* Apply multi-level approval to individual platform inventories.
* Organize content in the form of products from your platforms into portfolios.
* Choose portfolios to share with specific groups of users.
* Set boundaries around values driving execution of user requests.
 
.{AutomationMeshStart}
{AutomationMeshStart} is an overlay network intended to ease the distribution of work across a large and dispersed collection of workers through nodes that establish peer-to-peer connections with each other using existing networks.

{AutomationMeshStart} provides:

* Dynamic cluster capacity that scales independently, allowing you to create, register, group, ungroup and deregister nodes with minimal downtime.
* Control and execution plane separation that enables you to scale playbook execution capacity independently from control plane capacity.

> * Deployment choices that are resilient to latency, reconfigurable without outage, and that dynamically re-reroute to choose a different path when outages may exist. mesh routing changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deployment choices that are resilient to latency, reconfigurable without outage, and that dynamically re-reroute to choose a different path when outages may exist. Mesh routing changes.
```
"Mesh routing changes." seems like an odd short sentence to add at the end. I would remove it since it seems to be redundant. This edit it up to you.

* Connectivity that includes bi-directional, multi-hopped mesh communication possibilities which are Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) compliant.

.{ExecEnvNameStart}
A solution that includes the Ansible execution engine and hundreds of modules that help users automate all aspects of IT environments and processes. 
Execution environments automate commonly used operating systems, infrastructure platforms, network devices, and clouds. 
 
.{Galaxy}
A hub for finding, reusing, and sharing Ansible content. 
Community-provided Galaxy content, in the form of prepackaged roles, can help start automation projects. Roles for provisioning infrastructure, deploying applications, and completing other tasks can be dropped into Ansible Playbooks and be applied immediately to customer environments. 
 
.{Navigator}

> A _textual user interface_ (TUI) that becomes the primary command line interface into the automation platform, covering use cases from content building, running automation locally in an execution environment, running automation in {PlatformNameShort}, and providing the foundation for future _integrated development environment_ (IDEs).

Reviewer: Suggestion to unitalicize the spelled-out abbreviations to remain consistent w/other spelled-out abbreviations. I took a look at the [IBM Style Guide](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-abbreviations#spelled-out-forms) to see what it recommends, but it doesn't specifically mention italicizing spelled-out abbreviations. Although, from the examples, I don't see any spell-out abbreviations italicized. 

I'll leave this decision up to you.

Author: I thought this was standard actually. First use of name italicize the name and give the acronym in brackets. It seemed to be used on Satellite and in most places I've worked.

Reviewer: I reviewed the AAP guides and did not see spelled out acronyms to be italicized. I also don't see any guidance for italicizing or not italicizing them so I leave this change up to you. Though, this is something I'd like to look into to keep our documentation consistent throughout CCS Docs.

[id="ref-platform-components"]

= {PlatformName} platform components

Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform consists of the following components:

.{HubNameMain}
A repository for certified content of Ansible Content Collections. 
{HubNamemain} is the centralized repository for Red Hat and its partners to publish content, and for customers to discover certified, supported Ansible Content Collections. 
{CertifiedCon} provides users with content that has been tested and is supported by Red Hat.
 
.{PrivateHubNameStart}

> {PrivateHubNameStart} provides a disconnected or on premise solution for synchronizing content, both collections and execution environment images from Red Hat cloud automation hub, storing and serving your own custom automation collections and execution images. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{PrivateHubNameStart} provides both disconnected and on premise solution for synchronizing content. Synchronize collections and execution environment images from Red Hat cloud automation hub, storing and serving your own custom automation collections and execution images. 
```

[id="ref-platform-components"]

= {PlatformName} platform components

Red Hat Ansible Automation Platform consists of the following components:

.{HubNameMain}
A repository for certified content of Ansible Content Collections. 
{HubNamemain} is the centralized repository for Red Hat and its partners to publish content, and for customers to discover certified, supported Ansible Content Collections. 
{CertifiedCon} provides users with content that has been tested and is supported by Red Hat.
 
.{PrivateHubNameStart}
{PrivateHubNameStart} provides both disconnected and on premise solution for synchronizing content.
You can synchronize collections and execution environment images from Red Hat cloud automation hub, storing and serving your own custom automation collections and execution images. 
You can also use other sources such as {Galaxy} or other container registries to provide content to your {PrivateHubName}. 

> {PrivateHubName} can integrate into your enterprise directory and your CI/CD pipelines.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{PrivateHubNameStart} can integrate into your enterprise directory and your CI/CD pipelines.
```

 
.{ControllerNameStart}
An enterprise framework for controlling, securing, and managing Ansible automation with a user interface (UI) and RESTful application programming interface (API).
 
.{CatalogNameStart}
{CatalogNameStart} is a service within {PlatformName}. 
{CatalogNameStart} enables you to organize and govern product catalog sources on Ansible {ControllerName} across various environments.

> Using automation services catalog you can:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using {CatalogName} you can:
```

* Control and execution plane separation that enables you to scale playbook execution capacity independently from control plane capacity.
* Deployment choices that are resilient to latency, reconfigurable without outage, and that dynamically re-reroute to choose a different path when outages exist. 
* Mesh routing changes.
* Connectivity that includes bi-directional, multi-hopped mesh communication possibilities which are Federal Information Processing Standards (FIPS) compliant.

.{ExecEnvNameStart}
A solution that includes the Ansible execution engine and hundreds of modules that help users automate all aspects of IT environments and processes. 
Execution environments automate commonly used operating systems, infrastructure platforms, network devices, and clouds. 
 
.{Galaxy}
A hub for finding, reusing, and sharing Ansible content. 
Community-provided Galaxy content, in the form of prepackaged roles, can help start automation projects. Roles for provisioning infrastructure, deploying applications, and completing other tasks can be dropped into Ansible Playbooks and be applied immediately to customer environments. 
 
.{Navigator}

> A _textual user interface_ (TUI) that becomes the primary command line interface into the automation platform, covering use cases from content building, running automation locally in an execution environment, running automation in {PlatformNameShort}, and providing the foundation for future _integrated development environment_ (IDEs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A _textual user interface_ (TUI) that becomes the primary command line interface into the automation platform, covering use cases from content building, running automation locally in an execution environment, running automation in {PlatformNameShort}, and providing the foundation for future _integrated development environments_ (IDEs).
```

Should _integrated development environment_  be plural, to agree with IDEs ?
